---
title: 2022! A Wild Ride - Comes to an End.
date: 2022-12-32
description: 2022 has been a crazy eventful year with things all over the place.
author: Siddhant Jaiswal
tag: Siddhant.work
---

# End of year 2022.

We are now at the end of the year, Day 365 of 365. Weeks & Months move fast - multiple events and changes have occurred throughout the year.

Resigned from my job as a web developer, moving from India to the US for my Master's Degree, setting up my life from scratch here in the US, and starting all over again - Fun & Exciting but also challenging simultaneously.

I started the year working on a project where I was assigned Front-End Development tasks using React.js - Which I had to learn from scratch & then work on tasks assigned to me. In the process, I learned a lot about development and also how enterprise companies & teams work on a project. I was also simultaneously working on getting into Master's program in the US - It requires a lot of preparation for the application and the tests that you have to take.

By March, I was involved with the team working on development tasks assigned to me - during this period I started getting my college application decisions - Some rejections and few acceptances.
I was initally in confusion if I should leave my job - which was paying me well, and move for my masters degree or wait one more year and maybe then look forward to it.

Well! I made the decision to go for my Masters at University of North Carolina at Charlotte in Fall 2022 starting in August.
I had make moves fast and as soon as possible - Worked for a few more months, commenced preparations for my move across continents. Faced some issues with visa but eventually at the end moved to the US on 25th August 2022 and started everything from scratch again.

This was also my first time moving away from Home and living on my own, which - in my opinion everyone should do in life because it teaches you a lot about yourself. I have found out more about myself this way.

I started working in October at the Student Philantrophy Center as a Student Caller making calls to parents and alumni to raise money for scholarships. I also got an oncampus position as IT Specialist which was unexpected but great to have.

Finished my Semester in December with good grades and learnings from the courses. Looking forward to the Spring 2023 Semester starting from 9th January 2023.

My major focus this year was health & fitness in which I have made great progress, gaining Muscle and being leaner.

### As Patrick Bateman says - [**You Can Always Be Thinner, Look Better**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PphbSFZWuU)

Started with peak training in December 2021 through May 2022 - Which was a period of great focus with exponential results.

My goal for next year is to gain atleast 6-8 Kgs of lean muscle mass with a lean bulk. I am not looking for the bulking and cutting cycle. Lean bulk with main focus on health & wellness.

### Here's what I've Learned from 2022

- Health >>>
- Dicipline > Motivation
- Consistency beats everything

### Here's my goals for the year 2023

- Health & Wellness
- Learning more about Web Development/Programming with major focus on Algorithms & Data Structures.
- Internship for Summer 2023
- Delayed Gratification
- Creating/Doing more than I consume

**Here's to 2022, A Great Year with lot of ups & downs.**

**Looking forward to start a strong year which 2023 is going to be.**

Cheers!
